What is the funniest name you have actually heard used in the real world?
What is the sexiest and least sexy name?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
What movie would be greatly improved if it was made into a musical?
If your five-year-old self suddenly found themselves inhabiting your current body, what would your five-year-old self do first?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What would be the hat to end all hats? What could you wear on your head that would make people stop what they are doing and stare in awe and amazement?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
In 40 years what will people be nostalgic for?
What inanimate object do you wish you could eliminate from existence?
What are some things that are okay to occasionally but definitely not okay to do every day?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in someone else’s home?
Who do you know that really reminds you of a character in a TV show or movie?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever worn?
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you?
What used to be considered trashy but now is very classy?
If you were arrested with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
What set of items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
What is the funniest joke you know by heart?
What are the unwritten rules of where you work?
What is something that you just recently realized that you are embarrassed you didn’t realize earlier?
What is the funniest corporate / business screw up you have heard of?
If you die and find out that everyone gets to choose a twelve-foot by twelve-foot square to stay in alone for eternity without being able to influence or contact the living world, what twelve-foot by twelve-foot square would you choose?
What’s the best type of cheese?
What kind of cult would you like to start?
In one sentence, how would you sum up the internet?
First think of a product. Now, what would be the absolute worst brand name for one of those products?
If the all the States in the USA were represented by food, what food would each state be represented by?
What are some of the nicknames you have for customers or coworkers?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
What are some fun and interesting alternatives to war that countries could settle their differences with?
What would the world be like if it was filled with male and female copies of you?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?
If life were a video game, what would some of the cheat codes be?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
What would be the worst “buy one get one free” sale of all time?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
What secret conspiracy would you like to start?
What would be the worst thing for the government to make illegal?
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
What’s the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What’s invisible but you wish people could see?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What’s the new movie about?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you didn’t impress them with your dance moves you would be killed, what dance moves would you bust out?
Where is the strangest place you’ve urinated or defecated?
What’s the weirdest smell you have ever smelled?
What mythical creature would improve the world most if it existed?
How do you feel about putting pineapple on pizza?
You’re a mad scientist, what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren’t an issue?
What two totally normal things become really weird if you do them back to back?
If peanut butter wasn’t called peanut butter, what would it be called?
What would be the creepiest thing you could say while passing a stranger on the street?
What ridiculous and untrue, yet slightly plausible, theories can you come up with for the cause of common ailments like headaches or cavities?
What’s the most imaginative insult you can come up with?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you’re actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
What would be the best-worst name for different types of businesses? (dry cleaners, amusement parks, etc.)
If you were transported 400 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
Toilet paper, over or under?
What fictional character is amazing in their book / show / movie, but would be insufferable if you had to deal with them in mundane everyday situations?
What are some fun ways to answer everyday questions like “how’s it going” or “what do you do”?
What would some fairytales be like if they took place in the present and included modern technology and culture?
Is cereal soup?
If over time you replace parts on a car, at what point does it stop being the same car you bought? How many parts do you need to replace to make it a new car?
If someone asked to be your apprentice and learn all that you know, what would you teach them?
What’s the best inside joke you’ve been a part of?